there's our intern there can you open
the door of time open good for you oh
good job thank you for opening a door
Teddy closed
good a little more intense more doesn't
where I have to kind of step in health
chuck is it an odd angle here good job
thank you very much alright okay so this
is the heaviest door in the house to
open Windsor tug please I use a lot more
momentum
go ahead tug open the door tug a little
more great yay were you favored you busy
okay unlock please that's it
and come over here Wendy
he has to reposition himself fly hundred
leave it Ted thank you good job
oh yeah oh you're busy busy okay let's
show them how to close did you tag
close
that's it good boy
good job busy he says I hear my food
cooking yummies that's a good boy
good job
you